ed/uu updates (#480)
urbit/urbit.org: content/understanding-urbit/interface.md

In March 2020 we shipped the first public version of Landscape, OS 1, to the network and have been using it ever since to communicate, collaborate, and keep in touch. 

OS 1 is a minimal, multipurpose interface for bringing a group together to chat, share links, write and engage in discussion. OS 1 is free of any ads, tracking, or surveillance (as is the norm for anything built on Urbit). OS 1 is a stripped-down social utility designed for high-trust, direct communication and collaboration. OS 1 is the place for small communities to feel at home.

<img class="ba" src="https://storage.googleapis.com/media.urbit.org/site/understanding-urbit/uu-interface-3.png">

We built OS 1 for ourselves. We were sick of using centralized, mainstream software. We didn’t want to be stuck switching between bloated, monolithic services in order to keep in touch and move our work forward. We were done relying on some third party to take care of our community—so we exited to Urbit, and it feels good.

> If you’re curious to get a complete overview of OS 1, check out [this post](https://urbit.org/blog/introducing-os1/), watch the [release event](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71ViyftPkGk&feature=youtu.be&t=3963) or feel free to [boot a node](http://127.0.0.1:1111/using/install/#comet) to come talk to us. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re curious to get a complete overview of OS 1, check out [this post](https://urbit.org/blog/introducing-os1/), watch the [release event](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71ViyftPkGk&feature=youtu.be&t=3963) or feel free to [boot a node](@/using/install.md#comet) to come talk to us. 
```

Author: damn, good catch
